Move Maintain Archive (#5641)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/maintain/maintain-guides-validator-community.md

participation in the direction of the chain is an excellent signal that a validator is there for the

> network’s good. There are many ways to participate in different governance aspects, such as voting
> for council members, weighing in on treasury proposals, voting on public referenda, proposing tips,

Reviewer: The council is obsolete

```suggestion
network’s good. There are many ways to participate in different governance aspects, such as weighing in on treasury proposals, voting on public referenda, delegating voting power,
```
